Keyword-base Concept Nets Model for Information
Retrieval in the Mobile Cloud
Seok-Jae Moon

Chang-Pyo Yoon

Department of Computer Science
Kwangwoon University
Seoul, Korea
msj8086@kw.ac.kr

Mobile Information Convergence Technology
Gyeonggi Collage of Science and Technology
Gyeonggi, Korea
cpyoon@gtec.ac.kr

Abstract— The purpose of the following report is to introduce
a model that makes it possible to efficiently search data by using
keyword-based concept network for reliable access of
information which is rapidly increasing in the mobile cloud. A
keyword-based concept network is a method with the application
of ontology. However, the proposed model is added by association
information between keyword concepts as a method for a user’s
efficient information retrieval. Furthermore, the proposed
concept network consists of the keyword centered concept
network, expert-group-recommended field concept network, and
process concept network.
Keywords— concept nets; cloud computing, information

I.

Introduction

Vast amounts of knowledge and information are
systematically linked through the network due to recent
dissemination of the mobile cloud. As a result, anyone can
easily access information using mobile devices [1][2]. In
addition, according to the necessity of accessing meaningful
and reliable information in the midst of infinite data, related
research work is in active progress. As one of such studies, the
keyword centered search was proposed [3]. This study
constructs the index for all meaningful keywords and searches
the information including keywords instead of documents.
However, the keyword centered search entails indexing the
information including keywords, so the amount of information
to be handled is rapidly getting larger [2]. Moreover, the
keyword search method brings about too many search results
or the search of meaningless documents because there are
consistencies with the index and the user's query within a
document. In an effort to look for user-demanded appropriate
terms, a general search engine indexes or does indexing
according to the frequency number using the vector space
model [4][5] or probability model [6][7] on the basis of the
normalized words. Nevertheless, such a search method relies
on only the index of a tree structure, falling short of efficiency
in searching of related data with other data.. This report is
proposing the information search model using the keywordbased concept network [8] in the mobile cloud environment.
The proposed model is a hierarchical, conceptual clustering
that expresses the super ordinate & subordinate relation
existing between concepts around keywords as a network
structure, which can be viewed as the semantic net, expressing
all relations between objects and attributes. Thus, a user can
apply the concept network with a mobile cooperation with the

intention of efficient searching within the mobile cloud. The
proposed model suggests the method as follows: First, this
report proposes that, in order for an efficient search that makes
it possible for a user to search the information which the user
wants on the basis of the collaborative search using input
keyword
centered
concept
network,
expert-grouprecommended field concept network, and process concept
network. In addition, by providing the frequency of keywords
and categories through the combination of the field concept
and keyword concept, it’s possible to play a role in
recommending the related keyword to a user’s input search
word. In addition, using the process concept network, it’s also
possible to provide the function of informing the keyword or
category used in the area of a user’s interest. Second, even in
the case that there is no keyword found by a user's input, it’s
possible for the user to achieve the goal of searching using the
related keyword through the secondary search by providing
the keyword related to the input keyword. In addition, under
the existing retrieval method, it was difficult for a user without
background knowledge to achieve the goal of a search, but this
proposed model makes it possible even for a user having no
background knowledge to achieve the search result through
the keyword-based association keyword list. Third, such
information is mostly diffused even in the mobile cloud, so the
information expression method is different. Moreover,
information varies according to the time. This paper consists
of Chapter 2 including the description about concept network
model composition and design, and Chapter 3 includes the
description about its conclusion and follow-up research.
II.

Concept Nets Model

A. Mobile Cloud Network using Concept Nets
The concept network model of this study is designed to
construct the master information concept network at the
knowledge base in order to solve keyword similarity and
thesaurus. It’s possible to express a user’s search result using
the concept network combined with the keyword concept
network that is produced by the basis of a user’s search,
process concept network, and the field concept network. The
environment proposed by this study consists of 3 layers
specified in <Fig.1> There are concept network layers for
concept network management including the mobile device
layer, a Central Processors layer playing a role as the hub for

978-1-4799-0604-8/13/$31.00 ©2013 IEEE

information sharing, and a resource layer belonging to actual
information.

number of keywords each Profile p(i=1,2,3,…,n) has is
set as n(pKey). The number of all keywords becomes
the sum of the number of keywords in each Profile. To
organize this, it is the same as in expression (1)
[10][11].
n

∑ n( pKeu )i

(1)

i

Fig. 1. Mobile Cloud Collaboration Environment using Concept Net

• Concept Nets Layer: This layer is an intra-concept
network produced by combining the keyword concept
network, process concept network, and field concept
network. The keyword concept network retrieves
information on the basis of a user-input keyword, and
analyzes the concept relation between keywords by
extracting the keyword of the retrieved information.
This concept relation can express the relation between
keywords in pairs. The combination of the concept
relation expressed in pairs creates the keyword concept
network. On the basis of this, the concept network
layer produces and manages the structure that
combines with the already-created process concept
network with the field concept network.
• Mobile Device Layer: This layer is the cloud
collaboration environment where users can share
information using the mobile device. It’s necessary to
make an access to a basic data source or for
information retrieval in a united method.
• Central Processors Layer: This layer is a data store
where actual data sources are stored, and also is the
source for information retrieval.
B. Proposed Concept Nets Model Component
This paper-proposed concept network expresses the major
concepts including the specific domain, and the relationship
between these concepts as a network. Such concept networks
can be used as a preprocess for information retrieval.
Accordingly, it’s possible to efficiently retrieve more
information than a general keyword retrieval. The proposed
concept network model consists of 3 concept networks
including keyword concept network, field concept network,
and process concept network. .
• Keyword Concept Net: The keyword concept network
extracts the keyword for the retrieved result and
analyzes the frequency between keywords statistically
by retrieving the items including the relevant keyword
on the basis of a user-input query. In order to meet the
need of extracting a user-input keyword and the related
keywords by analyzing the keywords which are
included, together with a user-input query, the analysis
process should be as follows: First, a user keyword is
set as uK; the Profile having uK is set as u , and the

In addition, the keywords included together with uK are
the association keywords. This keyword is set as uK, and the
number of the ith keywords which have an association with uK
is defined as n(aK)i. Through this, the frequency number of
the association keywords ( KFi : ith Key Frequency) is
organized by expression (2).

KFi =

n(aK )i

(2)

n

∑ n( pKeu)

i

i

When the number of Profile including the ith association
keyword is set as n(PaKi), and the number of Profile having
uK is set as nF, the inverse paper frequency of Profile
included with the ith association keyword is the same as in
expression(3).

IPFi = log

nP
n( PaK i )

(3)

By organizing this, the association weight (Awi) of the ith
association keyword is organized as expression (4).

Awi = KFi × IPFi

(4)

Through the analysis of the weight on the keywords
possessed by Profiles including uK based on the expression
organized like so, it is possible to give the ranking of aK
according to the priority order in high association weight with
uK, and to improve the accuracy of retrieval by providing it to
a user.
• Field Concept Nets: The field concept networks are
defined in the category method by field according to
the purpose of information supply. The terms
suggested in the category by field are the standard of
the terms in metadata used in the mobile device, and
also a set of the terms which are shared in each device
and suggested to a user. Like so, it is possible for terms
to be shared by suggesting the mobile device and the
terms that can be shared by users. Such a standard
makes it possible to expand the defined terms pursuant
to the standard by applying the classification standard
which is the same as the classification of the service
category. In addition, the standard metadata-based
category is the result of structuralizing information
retrieval, and its attribute value is subordinate
according to the category.
• Process Concept Nets: The process concept network
divided the metadata roughly into major classification
and minor classification. In addition, the classification

system of the process concept network was designed to
meet the mobile collaboration system. <Fig.3>
expresses the linkage between the concept network.
The data using the concept network suggested in this
paper are stored in DB to be roughly divided into field
concept network and user retrieval keyword concept
network. For example, ‘Bracket’, as the subordinate
attribute of the product which is the standard schema in
the standard metadata, can be found by the attribute
(field schema) of ‘Beam’ and also the subordinate
keyword related to the keywords, such as ‘Beam
adaptor’, ‘Beam lens’, ‘Beam cable’, which include the
keyword of ’Beam’, can be found. In addition, the
subordinate keyword retrieved at the keyword concept
network can find the data which coincides with the
process of business associated with a user’s input
keyword according to indexing in the process concept
network. At this moment, it’s possible to calculate the
association frequency factor based on the keyword
suggested in expression (4). As shown in <Fig.3>, the
information resources produced by the concept
network basis include the information in the form of an
ontology tag. Diverse semantic relations can exist
including the hierarchical relation between these tags.
The concept network consists of the field information
(F) in the form of category, keyword information (K),
information resource (R), and process information (P).
In addition, with consideration for semantic
association, ontology is produced, and the ontology is
used for information retrieval through the query.
<Fig.3> is showing a part of the concept network
drawn up using the ontology tag. For example, ‘P’ as a
top node means ‘Product’, and the ‘Product’ consists of
‘Profile’, ‘Bracket’, ‘Fastening.’ ‘Bracket’ consists of
‘B (Beam)’, ‘J (Jack Bolt)’, and ‘S (Spacer).’
Additionally, in the graph located at the bottom portion
‘Product’ consists of ‘Asset’, ‘Order’ and ‘Account’. In
the case of the classes that are making ‘P’ as a top node
in <Fig.3>, the information resource of the terminal
node, which is linked to the category of the field
concept network, is also linked to the information
resource of the subordinate terminal node of the classes
which makes the ‘Product’ of the process concept
network as the node.

Fig. 2. Ontology Tag-based Concept Net

III.

Conclusion

This paper suggested the keyword-based concept network
model in an effort for more efficient information retrieval in
the mobile cloud environment. In addition, mobile
collaboration-based information retrieval makes the interface
operation between data smooth by retrieving and analyzing the
data efficiently based on the concept network. Furthermore,
keyword interfacing using the category-based concept network
makes a user’s retrieval and analysis easy, and the retrieval
process was structuralized through a classification system. The
advantage of this paper's suggested concept network model
lies in the possibility of additional retrieval with a click even
without the additional input of a retrieval condition for a
keyword that is already inputted in the retrieval because of the
keyword-oriented categorization of information retrieval
through the concept network in the mobile device. On top of
that, even the user who doesn’t have the basic knowledge can
achieve the purpose of retrieval through the keyword-based
association keyword list. A follow-up research is required for
the mobile working environment in the company. To accept
this trend, it’s necessary to do research on ERP access &
sharing and collaboration environment support in the mobile
environment in order to efficiently manage the corporate
Enterprise Resources Planning (ERP) System .

References
[1]

Christine Gallen, “Mobile Cloud Computing Subscribers to Total Nearly
One Billion by 2014,” ABI research, 2009.
[2] Sarah Perez, “Mobile Cloud Computing: $9.5 Billion by 2014,” 2010.
[3] Vo Ngoc Anh, Owen de Kretser, Alistair Moffat, “Vector-Space
Ranking with Effective Early Termination,” In Proceedings of the 24th
Annual International ACM SIGIR Confenfrence on Research and
Development in Information Retrieval, pp.35-42, 2001.
[4] lorescu, D, Kossmann, D, and Manolescu, L, “Integrating Keyword
Search into XML Query Processing,” Computer Networks, Vol.33,
No.1-6, pp.119-135, 2000.
[5] Peter D. Turney, Patrick Pantel, “From Frequency to Meaning : Vector
Space Models of Semantics,” Journal of Articial Intelligence Research
37, 141-188, 2010.
[6] Pablo CASTELLS, Miriam FERNÁNDEZ, and David VALLET, “An
Adaptation of the Vector-Space Model for Ontology-Based Information
Retrieval,” IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON KNOWLEDGE AND DATA
ENGINEERING, VOL. 19, NO. 2, FEBRUARY 2007.
[7] Doug Downey, Oren Etzioni, and Stephen Soderland, “A Probabilistic
Model of Redundancy in Information Extraction,” IJCAI'05 Proceedings
of the 19th international joint conference on Artificial intelligence
[8] Ji-Rong Wen, Ni Lao, Wei-Ying Ma, “Probabilistic Model for
Contextual Retrieval,” In IJCAI'05:Proceedings of the 19th international
joint conference on Artificial intelligence, pp. 1034-1041. 2005.
[9] Bernhard Ganter, Gerd Stumme, Rudolf Wille, “Formal concept
analysis: foundations and applications,” Springer, Heidelberg, vol. 3626
of LNAI, 2005.
[10] Kye-dong Jung, Seok-Jae Moon, “A Study on Retrieval Framework for
Enterprise Information Integration based on Concept Net in Cloud
Environment,” vol.17, no.2, pp.453-460, 2013.
[11] Kye-dong Jung, Chi-gon Hwang, Young-keun Choi, “The Expert Search
System using keyword association based on Multi-Ontology,” vol.16,
no.1, pp.183-190, 2012.
[12] J.W Lim, H.B Ryou, C.P Yoon, “Response Technique for the
Vulnerability of Broadcast Intent Security in Android,” Korea
Convergence Security Association, 12-6, pp.61~67, 2012.

